Both: BURST LINK!
DON’T LET ME BE TOO LATE!
( gasps )
NO WAY!
Haru: THAT’S TAKUMU?
HE’S CYAN PILE?
( singing in Japanese )
I MUST SAY,
I’M QUITE SURPRISED
TO FIND OUT
YOU’RE A BURST LINKER.
TAKU...
YOU KNOW...
I ALMOST LOST IT
BACK THERE YESTERDAY.
HOW’D IT FEEL--
CABLE LINKING WITH CHI
ALONE IN HER BEDROOM?
( gasps )
DID YOU LIKE
BEING THAT CLOSE TO HER?
TOUCHING HER?
KNOWING HOW THAT
WOULD MAKE ME FEEL?
SO YOU’RE THE ONE
WHO INSTALLED A VIRUS
IN HER NEURO-LINKER.
SPYING ON HER, CHECKING HER
MEMORY AND VIEWER APPS
WHENEVER YOU WANTED!
WEREN’T YOU POKING AROUND
IN HER MEMORY, TOO?
AND YOU’RE NOT EVEN
HER BOYFRIEND!
BUT HEY,
WHO GETS CHICKS, ANYWAY?
YOU KNOW, WHEN I THINK ABOUT IT,
SHE ALWAYS DID SEEM HAPPIER
TRYING TO TAKE CARE OF YOU
THAN SHE EVER DID GOING OUT
WITH ME.
IT’S ALWAYS BEEN LIKE THAT,
AND I’VE HATED IT!
THAT’S WHY I WAS SO HAPPY
WHEN SHE FINALLY CHOSE ME.
I MEAN, COME ON!
I’M A KENDO CHAMPION
AND THE TOP STUDENT IN MY CLASS.
FINALLY,
SHE MADE A WISE CHOICE.
( gasps )
YOU JERK!
YOU DON’T HONESTLY MEAN THAT?!
HUH?
YOU’RE HER BOYFRIEND!
COULDN’T YOU TELL
THAT SHE WAS SUFFERING?!
YOU DIDN’T
EARN YOUR GOOD GRADES
OR THAT KENDO
CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE.
ALL YOU DID WAS USE
BRAIN BURST AND ACCELERATE!
ACCELERATING IS MY POWER!
( gasps )
I WAS INTRODUCED TO BRAIN BURST
A YEAR AGO
BY THE CAPTAIN
OF MY KENDO TEAM.
SHE’S A CLOSE AIDE
TO THE BLUE KING
AND THINKS I AM SUITED
TO BE A GUARD.
THEY HAVE HIGH HOPES FOR ME.
NOW, DO YOU HONESTLY THINK
YOU AND I ARE EQUALS
JUST BECAUSE YOU’VE
BECOME A BURST LINKER, TOO?
LOOK, IT’S TRUE--
YOU ARE WAY BETTER THAN ME
AT SO MANY THINGS.
BUT YOU’RE ALSO
A COMPLETE MORON!
OH, AM I NOW?
THAT’S RIGHT.
AND THAT’S WHY YOU
CAN NEVER BEAT ME.
NAME ONE GAME--
JUST ONE GAME
WHERE YOU’VE BEATEN ME!
WELL, THEN...
THAT LAST SHRED OF DIGNITY
YOU’RE CLINGING TO--
GET READY TO LOSE IT
FOR GOOD!
HE’S FAST, BUT STILL...
HE’S NOT AS FAST
AS ASH’S BIKE!
I CAN DODGE HIM.
( screams )
( grunting )
( laughing )
RUNNING AWAY ALREADY?
COWARD!
COME ON, OPEN!
( gasps )
( breathing heavily )
( laughing )
( gasps )
Haru: DID TAKU
CALL ALL THESE GUYS HERE
USING THE GLOBAL NET?
( elevator rumbling )
( gasps )
( thinking )
I KNOW HOW FAST HE IS NOW.
I CAN DO THIS.
I CAN’T BACK DOWN.
I HAVE TO BEAT HIM!
OH, I GET IT NOW.
YOU THINK YOUR LITTLE TACTIC
OF HIT-AND-RUN
IS GONNA WORK HERE?
HUH, HARU?
I MEAN, "SILVER CROW"?
OKAY, HE STILL DOESN’T
KNOW HOW FAST I AM.
AND BEFORE HE DOES,
I HAVE TO PUT AN END TO THIS.
HERE GOES!
( Taku grunts )
( grunts )
WELL, HARU, I’M IMPRESSED.
YOU REALLY ARE GOOD AT GAMES.
BUT IF THAT’S
ALL YOU’VE GOT,
IT’S NOT ENOUGH!
( grunts )
( groaning )
I’M NOT FINISHED YET!
( yells )
CHIYU DIDN’T CARE ABOUT YOU
HAVING TO BE PERFECT.
WHETHER YOU’RE
THE TOP OF YOUR CLASS
OR A KENDO CHAMPION,
THAT’S NOT WHAT’S
IMPORTANT TO HER!
( groans )
SHE DIDN’T WANT YOU TO CHANGE!
SHE JUST WANTED YOU TO BE HAPPY.
TO BE WHO YOU ARE.
BUT YOU’RE TOO STUPID
TO SEE THAT!
( groans )
THAT’S ENOUGH OUT OF YOU!
SPLASH STINGER!
( gasping )
( groaning )
YOU WERE ABLE TO LAND
A FEW GOOD JABS ON ME.
BUT ALL THAT REALLY DID
WAS GIVE ME THE TIME I NEEDED
TO CHARGE UP MY SPECIAL MOVE.
AND AREN’T SPECIAL MOVES
WHAT DUELS ARE REALLY ABOUT?
OH, LOOKS LIKE YOU’RE
BIG ATTACK IS READY TO GO.
LET’S SEE WHAT YOU GOT.
DAMN IT,
A HEAD-BUTT’S NO GOOD.
IT’S NOT GONNA
HELP ME OUT HERE.
BUT I’M NOT DONE YET.
I’VE STILL GOT BOTH MY FEET
AND A FIST.
AND MY SPEED!
( crumbling )
( gasping )
( laughing )
YOUR LEG CAME OFF?
HOW PATHETIC IS THAT?
AND YOU CALL YOURSELF
A METAL-TYPE?
OH, NO. I’M FINISHED.
I CAN’T EVADE.
I CAN’T DODGE.
I CAN’T DO ANYTHING!
THIS WAS INEVITABLE, HARU:
YOU KNEELING BEFORE ME.
YOU KNOW, YOU SURE
HAD A LOT TO SAY EARLIER...
AS IF SOMEHOW
YOU’RE THE ONLY ONE HERE
WHO TRULY GETS CHI.
I DON’T KNOW ABOUT THAT.
BUT AT LEAST I KNOW HER
BETTER THAN YOU DO!
DIDN’T YOU EVER ONCE
THINK ABOUT ME?
SOMETIMES WHEN WE’RE ALONE,
I LOOK AT CHI,
AND SHE SEEMS TO SAD.
AND THEN I REALIZED IT’S
BECAUSE SHE WAS THINKING
ABOUT YOU.
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
HOW THAT MAKES ME FEEL, HARU?
( gasps )
YOU’RE A BURDEN TO US ALL.
AND AS LONG AS YOU’RE AROUND,
CHI AND I CAN NEVER ESCAPE YOU.
WE’LL BE STUCK DEALING WITH YOU
FOR THE REST OF OUR LIVES.
JUST DISAPPEAR, HARU.
DISAPPEAR SO THAT CHI AND I
CAN FINALLY BE FREE!
( groans )
( groaning )
ALL RIGHT, HARU.
LET’S END THIS...
ALL OF IT, NOW!
SPIRAL GRAVITY DRIVER!
( yelling )
( chuckles )
GUESS I DIDN’T
QUITE FINISH HIM.
BUT IT DOESN’T MATTER.
THE CLOCK’S ABOUT TO RUN OUT.
SO, DID YOU ALL
SEE THAT FOR YOURSELVES?
ESPECIALLY MY FRIENDS
IN THE BLUE LEGION?
I CAN STILL FIGHT,
STILL SERVE!
JUST BECAUSE I’VE
WASTED A FEW POINTS,
THAT’S NO REASON
TO ABANDON ME.
IS IT?!
Taku: ...STILL SERVE!
JUST BECAUSE I’VE
WASTED A FEW POINTS,
THAT’S NO REASON
TO ABANDON ME.
IS IT?!
TAKU...
TAKUMU.
YOU IDIOT.
( sobs )
THIS IS A FIGHT
I HAD TO WIN...
FOR EVERYONE...
TAKU...CHIYU...EVEN MYSELF.
( sobbing )
AND ESPECIALLY
FOR KUROYUKIHIME SENPAI.
( sobbing )
BUT IT’S ALL OVER.
I FAILED.
( gasps )
WHERE AM I?
( labored breathing )
SENPAI?
( sobs )
Haru: I’M SORRY...
I COULDN’T PROTECT YOU.
I COULDN’T
MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.
I THOUGHT I COULD CHANGE.
I REALLY DID.
WHAT YOU SAID TO ME--
ALL OF YOUR KINDNESS AND LOVE,
IT MADE ME
THINK I COULD DO IT.
BUT IN THE END, I COULDN’T.
IT’S ALL MY FAULT...
EVEN THIS AVATAR.
IT’S JUST A REFLECTION
OF ALL MY PATHETIC WEAKNESSES.
( sobs )
ALWAYS LIVING MY LIFE
LOOKING DOWN AT THE GROUND
IN SHAME
INSTEAD OF LOOKING UP
AT THE SKY WITH PRIDE.
I WANTED TO GO WHERE YOU ARE
AND BE WORTHY ENOUGH
TO JOIN YOU AND SEE YOU
SOARING THROUGH THE SKY...
AS FAR WAY FROM THIS HELL
AS I COULD POSSIBLY BE.
I WANTED TO FLY AWAY...
WITH YOU.
( sobs )
( heart beating slowly )
( gasps )
( heart beating )
( beating faster )
( gasping )
Kuroyukihime:
YOU ARE MISSING THE POINT.
STRENGTH ISN’T SOLELY DEFINED
BY THE NUMBER OF VICTORIES
YOU HAVE WON.
Haru: THAT’S RIGHT.
STRENGTH ISN’T JUST
ABOUT WINNING.
EVEN IF MY ATTACKS
ARE RIDICULOUS AND PATHETIC.
EVEN IF I’M LEFT
LYING IN THE MUD,
CRUSHED AND DEFEATED.
AS LONG AS I DON’T QUIT.
KEEP FIGHTING.
KEEP LOOKING UP
AT THE SKY.
THAT’S WHAT REALLY MATTERS.
THAT’S WHAT
TRUE STRENGTH IS!
( thinking )
I FINALLY GET IT NOW.
SENPAI.
( gasps )
( grunting )
( groaning )
( yells )
( yells, whimpers )
( gasps )
( gasping )
( yelling )
ARE THESE...WINGS?
( yells )
IT BURNS!
♪
IT’S CALLING FOR ME.
( mechanical humming )
( grunts )
LET’S GO!
( yelling )
HUH?
( all gasping )
( gasping )
♪
THIS IS AWESOME.
THIS WORLD, IT JUST...
GOES ON FOREVER!
LOOK!
( all gasping )
Girl: NO WAY!
HE’S STILL UP IN THE SKY!
THAT WASN’T A JUMP.
I DON’T BELIEVE IT.
HE’S FLYING!
AN AVIATION ABILITY.
( gasps )
LOOK AT THOSE WINGS.
I KNEW THIS DAY WOULD COME.
SILVER CROW
IS THE FIRST AVATAR
IN THE HISTORY
OF ACCELERATED WORLD
WITH THE ABILITY TO FLY.
( crowd murmuring indistinctly )
Boy: AWESOME!
Boy: REALLY?
( Taku gasps )
( screams )
THAT’S ENOUGH!
HOW DARE YOU
LOOK DOWN ON ME!
( screams )
TAKU.
HIS SPECIAL MOVE!
♪
TAKE THIS!
LIGHTNING CYAN SPIKE!
( yelling )
HARU!
TAKU!
Kuroyukihime:
AND I KNOW THAT SOMEDAY,
THE REST OF THE ACCELERATED
WORLD WILL KNOW THIS AS WELL:
THAT YOU ARE THE FASTEST LINKER
TO EVER EXIST.
AND BY DOING THAT,
YOU WILL UNLOCK
THE TRUE POTENTIAL
THAT LIES DEEP
WITHIN OUR MINDS AND SOULS.
I SEE IT!
I FINALLY SEE IT!
( gasping )
( all coughing, groaning )
( whimpering )
( gasps )
WAIT...WE’RE FLYING?
( groaning )
HARU, DON’T--
PLEASE DON’T DROP ME.
IF YOU DO,
I’LL LOSE ALL MY POINTS.
I BEG YOU...
I’LL BE NOTHING
WITHOUT BRAIN BURST.
PLEASE, HARU.
WHATEVER YOU DO,
DON’T DO THIS.
WHY SHOULDN’T I?
SHE HAD ONE DREAM, ONE HOPE,
AND YOU DID EVERYTHING
YOU POSSIBLY COULD
TO COMPLETELY DESTROY IT!
WHY?!
( gasps )
YEAH.
YOU’RE RIGHT.
LIKE YOU SAID,
I COULD NEVER BEAT YOU.
AND THAT’S ALWAYS BEEN TRUE
WHENEVER IT COMES TO GAMES.
( gasps )
YOU WIN.
I’M SORRY, HARU.
( gasps )
DO YOU ADMIT IT, TAKU?
THAT WHEN IT COMES
TOACCELERATED WORLD,
YOU CAN NEVER BEAT ME?
THAT I’LL ALWAYS WIN?!
ADMIT IT!
HUH?
IN THE REAL WORLD,
YOU’RE BETTER THAN ME
AT EVERYTHING.
BUT HERE,
THAT ISN’T THE CASE.
YOU CAN’T BEAT ME.
NOW, YOU AND I
ARE TRULY EQUALS.
SO STOP TRYING
TO FIGHT AGAINST ME
AND FIGHT WITH ME.
BECOME MY ALLY, TAKU!
( grunts )
FIGHT UNDER HER COMMAND,
JUST LIKE I DO.
COME ON!
WILL YOU DO IT?
HOW COULD YOU STILL TRUST ME?
I’VE BETRAYED EVERYONE:
MY LEGION, BRAIN BURST...
I EVEN BETRAYED THE ONLY TWO
REAL FRIENDS I’VE HAD.
THAT’S WHY WE NEED
TO TELL CHIYU EVERYTHING.
WE’LL TELL HER
ABOUT BRAIN BURST,
ABOUT OUR FIGHT.
WE’LL COME CLEAN.
WE’LL EVEN TELL HER
ABOUT ALL THE FEELINGS
YOU AND I HAVE KEPT
BURIED ALL THESE YEARS.
WE CAN START FRESH.
A CHANCE TO BUILD
OUR FRIENDSHIP
ALL OVER AGAIN.
I HOPE I DID
THE RIGHT THING, SENPAI.
( elevator rumbling )
( gasps )
( groaning )
IS THAT...
REALLY YOU?
SENPAI!
OH, THANK GOD.
I BELIEVED IN YOU.
I KNEW YOU’D MAKE IT.
Kuroyukihime:
I WAS SURROUNDED
BY A DARK VOID,
AND ALL I COULD HEAR
WAS YOUR VOICE.
YOU PROTECTED ME.
YOU’VE TAKEN SO MUCH DAMAGE.
THANK YOU, HARUYUKI.
UH, ACTUALLY,
THE ONLY REASON
I COULD DO IT
WAS BECAUSE YOU TOLD ME
TO BELIEVE IN MYSELF.
LOOK AT THIS...
THE REAL YOU.
IT’S BEAUTIFUL.
YOU DO REALIZE
THAT IN THE HISTORY
OF ACCELERATED WORLD,
THERE’S NEVER BEEN AN AVATAR
WHO CAN FLY.
I’M GLAD TO SEE MY INSTINCTS
WERE RIGHT ABOUT YOU ALL ALONG.
HARUYUKI, YOU’RE THE ONE
WHO’S GOING TO CHANGE
THIS WORLD.
THE TIME HAS COME.
I MUST LEAVE
MY PEACEFUL COCOON
AND AIM FOR THE SKY
ONCE AGAIN.
CYAN PILE,
I OWE YOU AN APOLOGY.
I’VE AVOIDED WHAT
SHOULD HAVE BEEN
AN HONORABLE DUEL BETWEEN US
COUNTLESS TIMES.
BUT I AM READY NOW,
READY TO REVEAL MY TRUE SELF.
AND IF YOU WISH TO FIGHT ME,
I WILL DO SO
AND NOT HOLD BACK.
( beeping )
( all gasping )
( gasps )
Boy: HEY, IS THAT...?
THAT AVATAR...
( gasps )
THAT AVATAR,
IT’S REALLY HER:
THE GREATEST TRAITOR
IN ACCELERATED WORLD...
THE BLACK KING,
BLACK LOTUS.
I CAN’T BELIEVE SHE’S ALIVE.
( crowd murmuring
indistinctly )
IT’S SO BEAUTIFUL.
YOU SAID YOUR AVATAR
WAS HIDEOUS, BUT...
IT’S NOT AT ALL.
YOU REALLY THINK SO?
BUT I CAN’T EVEN
HOLD SOMEONE’S HAND.
SO THEN, SILVER CROW,
( grunts )
WILL YOU TAKE ME
ON A FLIGHT?
SURE.
LET’S GO, THEN.
ALL RIGHT.
Haru: HOLD ON TIGHT.
THIS IS AMAZING.
I COULD REALLY
GET USED TO THIS.
TO ALL BURST LINKERS
SERVING UNDER THE SIX KINGS,
HEAR ME.
I AM BLACK LOTUS,
THE ONE WHO REBELLED
AGAINST YOUR KINGS’ RULE.
ME AND MY LEGION,
THE NEGA NEBULOUS,
HAVE EMERGED FROM HIDING
TO PUT AN END TO THIS
RIDICULOUS TRUCE.
TAKE UP YOUR SWORDS
AND RAISE YOUR TORCHES HIGH,
FOR THE TIME TO FIGHT
HAS COME!
( whimpering )
DO I SAY "CONGRATULATIONS"?
NO. TOO SOON.
SHE HASN’T EVEN
BEEN DISCHARGED YET.
SO...WHAT SHOULD I SAY?
Kuroyukihime: ALL RIGHT!
( screams )
HOW LONG ARE YOU
GOING TO KEEP ME WAITING?
GET IN HERE ALREADY!
OKAY!
( gasps )
WOW, IT’S BEEN A WHILE,
HARUYUKI.
UH, YEAH.
IT HAS.
SO...
THAT BACK DOOR CHIYU HAD...
IT’S BEEN RENDERED
TOTALLY UNUSABLE NOW,
THANKS TO A BRAIN BURST
SERVER UPDATE.
AND THE PERSON WHO
GAVE TAKU THAT PROGRAM,
HIS GUARDIAN...
SHE’S BEEN STRIPPED
OF ALL HER POINTS AS PUNISHMENT.
BUT STILL, IT’S A MYSTERY
AS TO WHO ACTUALLY
CREATED THE PROGRAM.
CHANCES ARE THEY’RE
FROM THE YELLOW LEGION.
THAT SORT OF PROGRAMMING
IS THEIR SPECIALTY.
WHOEVER DID THIS WILL
PAY FOR WHAT THEY’VE DONE.
( chuckling nervously )
OH, I FORGOT.
HUH?
HERE.
( gasps )
I HAD THIS WITH ME.
I’M GIVING IT BACK.
OH.
SO, THEN.
DID YOU READ IT?
UH, NO!
I MEAN, YES!
I MEAN--WELL...
I’M SO SORRY,
KUROYUKIHIME SENPAI.
ALL RIGHT, HARUYUKI.
( coughs )
I BELIEVE THAT THE TIME
HAS COME.
START CALLING ME
BY MY FIRST NAME.
( gasps )
YEAH! OKAY!
( gasping )
BUT, UH...
HUH?
THAT’S GONNA BE HARD
BECAUSE...
I’VE NO IDEA WHAT IT IS.
YOU’RE KIDDING ME.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID THAT
YOU READ THIS.
NO, I JUST HAD A QUICK PEEK.
I DIDN’T REALLY SEE ANYTHING.
( chuckles )
GLAD TO KNOW THAT YOU’RE
STILL THE SAME OLD HARUYUKI.
WELL...
I SUPPOSE I NEED
TO REINTRODUCE MYSELF, THEN.
IT’S NOT THAT MUCH DIFFERENT
FROM MY NICKNAME.
MY REAL NAME IS...
♪
( indistinct singing )
♪ WAKE UP YOUR BRAIN ♪
♪ FLASHED IN THE SKY ♪
♪ IT’S A BURST OF SENSATION ♪
( singing in Japanese )
Kuroyukihime:
NEXT STAGE: RETRIBUTION.
JUST AS WATER NATURALLY
SEEKS THE LOWEST POINT,
PAYBACK IS SURE TO FIND
HARUYUKI AND TAKUMU.